{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green146\blue207;\red0\green0\blue0;\red83\green83\blue83;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22353\c64314\c84706;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In what year was the world land speed record set? 1997\
What is the longest river in the world? Amazon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-national-animal-scotland"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the national animal of Scotland?}}
\f1 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  Unicorn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-was-name-first-us-space-station"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 What was the name of the first U.S. space station?}}
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4  Skylab
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-second-most-abundant-element-earths-atmosphere"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 What is the second most abundant element in the earth's atmosphere?}}
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4  Oxygen\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-largest-3-digit-prime-number-0"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 What is the largest 3-digit prime number?}}
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3  997\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-most-popular-breed-dog-united-states"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 What is the most popular breed of dog in the United States?}}
\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4  Labrador retriever\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-name-confection-consists-primarily-sugar-or-honey-and-almond-meal"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 What is the name for a confection that consists primarily of sugar or honey and almond meal?}}\cf2 \strokec2  Marzipan\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-city-capital-canada"}}{\fldrslt What city is the capital of Canada?}} Ottawa\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/according-guiness-world-records-which-author-has-most-published-works"}}{\fldrslt According to Guiness World Records, which author has the most published works?}} L Ron Hubbard\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/final-link-first-transcontinental-railroad-across-united-states-was-completed-which-state"}}{\fldrslt The final link of the first transcontinental railroad across the United States was completed in which state?}} Utah\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/cooking-technique-involves-submerging-food-liquid-relatively-low-temperature-called-what"}}{\fldrslt The cooking technique that involves submerging food in a liquid at a relatively low temperature is called what?}} Poaching\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/what-largest-lake-africa-0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 What is the largest lake in Africa?}}\cf4 \strokec4  Lake Victoria\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trivia.fyi/content/how-many-planets-our-solar-system-have-moons-0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 How many planets in our solar system have moons?}} 6\cf2 \strokec2 \
}